time of day dear lovers
sun berries and grapevines in
this video I want to show how after
blooms remove extra clusters
what exactly bunches for what are they
are deleted
why is this done by the example of one
the bush I want to show one flowering was
left is recommended to leave
2 inflorescence first inflorescence second well
as i know
characteristic of some varieties that
like
there may be a particular sort of talisman or
cache 1st water can reach freely 20
gram and although the female type of flower here is well
subject to certain techniques
he pollinated pretty good
given that the berry is here
the greatest
this is the essence of the books well, you can everywhere
read that somewhere in 1820 the leaves are higher
lives can feed by digging weight somewhere
half a kilogram well, in principle, here I think
there is a lot depends on the conditions
agricultural technology
from what kind of irrigation you vineyard and
field how often she
feed him well now everything
modern varieties and hybrid forms
easily give out clusters and a half a kilo and
more
it does not bother you can even say
so be sure to ration
when flowering was inserted in 2 20 because
and so i see it dusting fine for what
This is done to the first inflorescence
lower bloom earlier second later
a little if
bad weather was raining lower inflorescence
maybe bad already polycythemia here somehow
inflorescence so it flowed perfectly but
Lower inflorescence usually larger
always more developed so lower
leave in color on one shoot
and the top is removed here the principle is easy
everything is done pruning on a small
Pinscher expose because the movement
retired from the color and thus we are more
food is sent to this inflorescence is not
when we break the bush and all modern
varieties on I have spoken already large roses
gives enough therefore on one trace
bullets 1 impact deliver in order not to
when you load a bush well, if pobeh
located at the very end of fruit
arrows he is more developed usually since
the force of polarity can be a little stronger there
pressure but still no more than 1 georgia
here you can even do this
as the lower part is somewhere worse visible
getting dusty and just a little bit
and delete and everything will be full
I say this variety easily maintain
in Georgia up to two kilograms
I am glad to be 20 grams and more such
small recommendations will be questions
write in the comments subscribe to
channel of luck to all and stable yields